Cynthia M Sims: You want to do your 3 word check in.
david olali: I am here.

Cynthia M Sims: Anybody who's UGA. Have you had a clin card before anybody?
Kamal Gandhi: I don't remember, Cynthia. I actually don't remember. More than likely not. But you folks, when you try to put it together, could you find it in your system.
Viann Nguyen-Feng: Mine wouldn't be in your system. I haven't gotten one from Georgia. I just meant cards in general.

-----

Cynthia M Sims: Who'd like to go ahead and present their domain, circle and discuss it first, and then you can popcorn it to the next.
Kamal Gandhi: I can share mine. If that's all right. So let me pull up my, and I just uploaded it. I had trouble figuring out where to upload things. So I think I've figured it out more or less. So here, I'll share this just created a Powerpoint. So this was a really useful exercise, because to you know, the the domain is the leadership. Right? So to me, that's orange and I find my work is like it's absolutely centered around most of the work I do in in the leadership setting, whether it's running scientific projects or doing administrative work, or mentoring or guiding or even being as a teacher or any outreach activities. I find that those are the tools and strategies that I'm using. And that's where you know, I focus a lot of time and effort on developing myself as a leader. And I like the word adaptive leadership because to do it well, you have to continually reassess. Go back, you know. It's almost like one step forward and 2 step backwards, particularly on difficult things that we work with. And then the community. And I'm not quite sure what community meant to mean to me. Community is like everybody else other than family and friends and work I do. There's quite a bit of overlap, but it's not even half to a large degree, and then the smallest overlap I see with family and friends and part of the I don't think, actually, in reality I have that that the overlap is that little. I think the reality is, the overlap is a lot more, but I'm also cognizant of the fact that that's not the best approach. So because you're like. And my daughter, my teenage daughter tells me she goes every time I talk to you, I just can't have a conversation you just like have to put in life's lessons as part of it right? And she just wants to. I have to be better at letting people just put it all out there without trying to. You know the best advice not given no advice, nothing, and just just let it sit there and let us connect at a very different level. So I would like it to be to be this big of an overlap, or even less to the people who are closest to me in my inner circle. So yeah, that's what I came up with.

Cynthia M Sims: Comments from the group. What are you all seeing or thinking.
Britt Patterson (she/her): I will say, Kamal, I just appreciate you sharing more about your story. That issue with kind of being the kind of expert in your networks, whether that's at work or in social settings with family and friends can be a struggle as a struggle for me, too. I think I'm that friend that people come to when they need, like my leadership skills and advice. And then sometimes I'm just myself. And I'm still giving advice even when I don't want to. It's hard to inhibit that just part of yourself at times when necessary. So I identify with that. And I also, when I saw work totally overlapping with leadership, my initial thought was, That's amazing. I wish that's more what mine resembled. Because I feel like there are there's lots of there's some overlap with my work and my leadership kind of identity, but not fully. And so that was my initial reaction. But then I heard how you would hope that that would be a little bit less overlapping, perhaps in some ways. So yeah, just honoring that I thought I saw it as a good thing. And I can appreciate how aspects of your work you may want to follow a little bit. Want them to stay within work and have your leadership identity under kind of more control in your spaces. That may be more social or family related.

Viann Nguyen-Feng: I thought similarly about the circles, the exact overlap. And then I thought about how that really mirrored the energy that you showed last week in terms of your leadership. So that's like, Oh, yeah. And then I can see how it's like the leadership, the work leadership style that's not wanting to have that with family and friends. But yeah, it's hard when so many pieces are integrated. That's true.

Cynthia M Sims: So my question to you would be so, if this is your reality, is this representative of what you'd like it to be.
Kamal Gandhi: I mean, that's what I have become over the time. Because I think my natural tendency is to take on a leadership role. Do I? Does that really make me happy? And is that the path that I want to go on? And I don't really know an answer to that. That wasn't definitely my goal. It wasn't intentional. It all developed organically. And so, taking some time off is gonna give me a good time to reflect on, you know, particularly the last 5 or 6 months. And which way do I really want to go? But my natural tendency is to take on leadership roles and run with it, and it's gotten even stronger with time. As I have matured, picked up more skills and strategies. And also, when you start seeing positive impacts, it's almost you get a rush out of it. And you're not going to win at everything, you know, maybe 10% of the time you're really going to win at something. And that's okay with me. So I try not to hold on very strongly to the results of what I do. I just do it because I really enjoy it. And if they're positive results, I take great pleasure in it, but if they don't turn out the way I wanted them to in the first place, I'm okay with that. I'll go back to the drawing board and reassess and relearn.

Cynthia M Sims: Who do you want to popcorn.
Kamal Gandhi: Oh, I'm sorry! I'll go with Viann.

Cynthia M Sims: So what I noticed, leadership is your smaller circle. Talk more about that. What? What are your reflections around that.
Viann Nguyen-Feng: Yes, I think it's maybe because...

Cynthia M Sims: So what I noticed, leadership is your smaller circle. Talk more about that. What? What are your reflections around that.
Viann Nguyen-Feng: I feel like I'm not trying to. Not that leadership is equivalent with taking up space. I feel like I don't take up that much space, I guess, in a lot of these areas. Oh, I felt like it's smaller. I don't know, maybe I'm defining leadership differently. I was also thinking a bit in terms of when I might be actively thinking about being a leader in these spaces. So I feel like in these spaces, I don't think about it as much, or I don't feel like I need to manifest any leadership qualities per se, unless there's group decision making that needs to happen or conflict or something like that. There's no overlap here, because, you know, I'm just going out to, I don't know, eating. I'll eat most things. Then I guess it does overlap a little bit with friends, because I'm up for whatever, like whatever restaurants. So that's the idea, that little sliver of overlap. So I thought of it more as times in which I am more directive versus go with the flow.

Cynthia M Sims: Is this beautiful diagram, is what you have represented your goal state? Is this your ideal state?
Viann Nguyen-Feng: I would like to expand leisure. So I did think about that when I was like, if one were to be bigger, I'd pick leisure. Yeah, I guess it's working toward more work-life balance.

Cynthia M Sims: Community is the biggest one in your domains. You talked a little bit about that, that it is close to work. Can you share a little bit more.
Viann Nguyen-Feng: I guess being like, I guess work community. And I think in Duluth, there are three main colleges. So yeah, I guess that affiliation, and I felt like there's still overlap there, too, with some of the community partners. I feel like I've gotten to be close friends with them. And so that's where the friends community work overlap. And I do feel like with the work and leisure, with mind, body, trauma care—my mind-body practices—so technically, which are part of work, yet also part of leisure, and also part of my community networks in terms of like-minded individuals, I suppose. And yes, I just feel like community spreads through, is imbued through everything. That sense of collectiveness or intercultural connection and interdependence. So I think it's the only one that connects everything.

Cynthia M Sims: It's nothing any questions.
Viann Nguyen-Feng: Very cool. It's like a picture, with all the different shapes and colors.

(No new question from Cynthia M Sims appears in this chunk. There is no new Q&A content to extract based on the instructions.)

Cynthia M Sims: Yeah, I'd be interested in getting more in terms of you know. What does that conflict look to you, and how do you navigate that?
Britt Patterson (she/her): Yeah, I think the major conflict is before I had children, work would have been my child. It was where I actually enjoyed spending all my time. I come from a military workaholic family. You just want to serve and help and keep going, and that's where I put all my energy as if work was my child once upon a time, and then children came, and I always wanted to be a mother. And then they became like actual children. I would always prioritize them above work. And what I've learned over time is just that these two loves of mine have to be balanced, but my children will always win out and so I have to set more boundaries. I have to show up for my children first, but also still feel as though I'm operating at the expected or a little above the expected level, given my position, which always feels hard to me because I want to do more in terms of work, and I want to do more in terms of being a mom. I think I'm pretty good at both, but I want to be excellent at everything—at those two in particular, but everything else, too. So it just always feels like a conflict in my mind. But I do know, just from people that are trained and mentored, they come to me because of how they see me show up in spaces, knowing that I'm also a mother. Seeing my children and then saying, "Wow! And you still do all this at work." And so me being conflicted is serving someone one day. It's just a lot to juggle right now.

(No new question from Cynthia M Sims appears in this chunk. There is no new Q&A content to extract based on the instructions.)

(No new question from Cynthia M Sims appears in this chunk. There is no new Q&A content to extract based on the instructions.)

(No new question was asked by Cynthia M Sims in this chunk. There is no new Q&A content to extract based on the instructions.)

Cynthia M Sims: Let's just do a reflection, you know. So something I learned today, a bright spot, a disappointment, next I will.
Viann Nguyen-Feng: Feel like mine was pretty. They were popping on with the sparkly unicorn that was just very adorable. Great spot.
Britt Patterson (she/her): My bright spot as you've seen. That is a bright spot. Thank you.
david olali: So I just noticed it didn't quite dawn on me the import or the significance of our meeting together. But I mean, just felt it today. Given my present circumstances and challenges and bucket list of tasks, requests coming from everywhere, locally, internationally, and the demands on my time and resources. But I just realized that this one, this period we spent together, it's quite therapeutic for me. It's just very medicinal, right? And I, totally, yeah, appreciate it.
Kamal Gandhi: Yeah, well, I'm just, you know, grateful for this opportunity to be here and interact with all of you. You know, it's just yeah. You know, kids make everything better. Hands down. Most important job I do is as a mother.

Cynthia M Sims: Hi! David!
david olali: Hi, Cynthia!