Cynthia M Sims: Okay, any questions on that.
Jorge I Rodriguez, PhD (UGA): No questions.

Cynthia M Sims: Doris, so let's just go through those, and then we'll talk about them. So things that included in your work, like community and friends, or your practice of leadership or synergizing. So we'll talk through some of these questions. I'm going to stop sharing and Jorray, I think you're up.
Jorge I Rodriguez, PhD (UGA): For sharing my circles.
Cynthia M Sims: Yes, please.
Jorge I Rodriguez, PhD (UGA): Okay, so let's start from the beginning. So on this section about identifying the domains. I put their leadership id first, and I did this after the fact. That's why it's a 0, because I figured out like, Oh, that should be like a bigger circle. Then I put I separate because I was thinking, like my colleagues, right and and administration and whatnot. I mean, it got me even thinking on the question about how big, right? The size. And I know you share a document where we can reflect on who help us on create our leadership and whatnot. I think it would be nice to reflect like, who do I interact the most? And then like how they affect my leadership, right? Or how can I? Yeah. So I just put like a random number. I think like 25 is the people that I interact the most. And then, of course, the students, I think, in my classes this is per year. I'm also part of the Hoa board in my neighborhood. So we're 4 members. But there's other helpers. So I just I mean, even on this, I just put 6. But I think like that's more or less the people that is highly engaged. And then the bigger group is the whole neighbors. We're 150 homes. I mean, I just put 2 50. But in reality it's like they they.

(no new Q&A to extract from this chunk, as Cynthia M Sims does not ask any new questions here)

Cynthia M Sims: Is this what you want it to be so. What you're doing is you depicted where you are. So now that you've got this on the map, you know. Is this, where is this what you'd like it to be? Or are you okay with what it is? And you wouldn't make any changes to it. What are your thoughts around that.
Jorge I Rodriguez, PhD (UGA): I mean, that's I guess from the professional perspective. I mean i i i would like like and like you mentioned right. I would like to have like a leadership position within the university. That is like I mean, I I do have the opportunity to lead right. But I I guess that would be a natural like mission to accomplish your goal. But besides that, I mean even like sometimes I think oh, maybe I should quit from the hoa board. It's it's too much work. Yeah. So on the opposite side, like, sometimes I think like, Oh, maybe I should like reduce my plate, and, as you know, as as we age like, I mean, we, we should focus on what matter? The most right? And I think family definitely is always like in the center right front and center. But I think

Cynthia M Sims: I see very much, you know you very much embedded in the community and your support there, and you're very active. You've got your university colleagues but in terms of sort of I don't see anything here around sort of your professional networking, you know. So how? Where is that represented?
Jorge I Rodriguez, PhD (UGA): Yeah, beyond. Yeah, I guess it would be represented somewhere here. You're right. Professional connections. And I guess part of my role is even not just university students, university colleagues, but also university companies. Because that's kind of half my job, to connect with companies. So you're right. Maybe industry connections or something like that. And then definitely like colleagues—I can do like partners because I do have partners in Mexico, in some other places and other institutions, but I guess I would have put them here. I think it will be worth even quantifying. Size is something, but you're right—the time might be the other way to go about it. For instance, my appointment: half my time is corporate engagement to do this team-based projects, and half is teaching. The problem with corporate engagement is that if you don't put it on your schedule, it can so easily sway away. Teaching, and I've seen it in my experience—I don't know, what have you—teaching is like a bottomless hole. You can spend 60 hours, and you can do more. You could spend 70 hours per week, and always do more. Like it was discussed in this group, time is of the essence, and time is the currency of leadership. So even if we say, Oh, we have to lead others, then how much time are you putting into these practices?

Cynthia M Sims: I don't know. Do you sleep.
Jorge I Rodriguez, PhD (UGA): Yeah.

Cynthia M Sims: questions.
Jorge I Rodriguez, PhD (UGA): Good, so we can.
Jorge I Rodriguez, PhD (UGA): Yeah, sorry. I just wanna say that we can see all these leadership timelines within the domains. Right? So I think it, it really ties in with this week's activity.
Jorge I Rodriguez, PhD (UGA): Yeah, I want to become a professional tango dancer.
Jorge I Rodriguez, PhD (UGA): To be in that domain right.

Cynthia M Sims: And your circles. And I know you. You did this quickly. They're pretty much the same size. So was that intentional? I think community might be a little bigger. I think that's the coloring. So they're sort of equal presence in your life. Would that be accurate?

(no answers appear before Sims speaks again)

Cynthia M Sims: Anything you'd like to share about what Doris has listed here. Observations.

Jorge I Rodriguez, PhD (UGA): I noticed from—I mean, I didn't pay attention to what other people shared. And yeah, I can see that a little bit more lean with what was offered. But I think it tells the point right.

Cynthia M Sims: Your church community is probably, you know, is the substitute for that, and so they may therefore become a bigger part of your life. Would that be true?

(no answers appear before Sims speaks again)

Cynthia M Sims: When you keep things them separate, are you keeping these domains separate intentionally? So you don't like mixing your domains? Or is it that you just don't have—so I just want to know, are keeping these domains separate intentional or just, it's just happened that way. Is that so? I just want to know is that your preference, Doris, to keep the domain separate from one another?

(no answers appear before Sims speaks again)

Cynthia M Sims: Ideally, you know what might—this is, is this your ideal? So this is what your experience is today. Is there something that you'd like to see done differently? If you could to increase this or change this.

(no answers appear before the end of this chunk)

Cynthia M Sims: So just we can do a session wrap up so you can respond to one statement. You know something I learned today. A bright spot, a disappointment. Next I will. So let's just wrap up

Jorge I Rodriguez, PhD (UGA): Yeah, I guess my take home is the term, the time domain, or the time management. I mean, that's something that last year I've been putting a lot of emphasis on, like, for instance, what I mentioned about blocking a day on a specific activity. And even the same thing with teaching, because, unfortunately, like being bottomless, making sure that we just give the right amount of time on prepping and assessing and grading. Sometimes grading, we just want to do it in 1 hour, but it takes a full half day. But just making sure that is something that aligns with what he's getting right. So I would take that discussion about the time and not just making it about the size. I don't have any complaints. I figured out that I also miss my church domain. I didn't quite put it, and I also miss my family from Mexico, which is kind of far away. But yeah, I can technically do different domains with it, or subdomains within the family.

Doris: I enjoyed learning about domain circles and thinking about what I would like to see in the future.