Cynthia M Sims ：Any questions about that.
(no responses)

Cynthia M Sims ：Well, look forward to seeing your diagram and the relationships, and
Luan Pereira de Oliveira: I just uploaded the the the IM, and then I'm I'm uploading my my van diagram.

Cynthia M Sims ：So so before we just leave Susan's and and see yours just really want to. They are all the same size. And you you did sort of talk through that. So is is this diagram representative of the ideal in terms of what you'd like your life to be.
Luan Pereira de Oliveira: That's a good question. I don't think so. I think I really wish that my family domain would be larger. But as an assistant professor, and I think I'm kind of lying to myself here and to you all, because I think my work domain is larger than my family right now. I really wish that that would be the inverse situation. That my family is larger. Community is larger, work is a little bit lower. But I don't have any leadership domain within my community. Personal community, right? Family and friends. Yes, work. Yes. So yeah, that's it. I want it for the family, for the personal side should be larger than my work one, basically. But that's not possible. Right?
Suzanne Birch: I think for mine, maybe it's not necessarily idealized, but I feel like it actually is what it used to be before I had kids. I do feel like I had more of that work-life balance before having kids, which my son is almost 8. So it's been a while. So I do feel like there's tension now. There is definitely tension between that family sort of circle, and then I guess the work and the community sizes, and that hasn't really shaked out yet. I feel like sometimes it is the family, because you have to deal with certain things, and then sometimes it is the work more, even if that's not good. So I do feel like it's very fluctuating right now.
Abhinav Mishra: I have not shared my Venn diagram yet. But to answer to your question hypothetically, when I was looking at Susie's diagram and and Luan's description, I felt like I have more complex. I would say, there is a big overlap between the work and leadership, because as an associate professor, as the graduate Coordinator and on the departmental leadership team, and also the lab PI, I manage my lab manager. I feel like dealing with students, staff and graduate program and other things I feel like majority of my work has some component of leadership. I can't give many examples where I work alone separately from anybody else, and in most of the roles I have some leadership. Engagement with people, with community engagement like I have a local Indian group. And sometimes I work with them. We have weekly meetings. And at times we have mentorship programs for young kids and those types of things. So there I have some leadership role, but not too much. Likewise, I think cultural identity—there is some overlap between community and cultural identity. Because I am part of the Indian society here. But that's not my only community engagement. There is some overlap there. So that's why I made these as 2 circles.

Cynthia M Sims ：I love all the the circles and the you know this. It's amazing how big your family and friends and community engagement, you know, sort of dominate. The the page. So do you think this is so back to the question of it being equal your your ideal is this Venn diagram your where you want it to be.
Abhinav Mishra: If I had to make one change, probably this work circle, it would be bigger than what it is, but probably I would have to move everything to the bottom right? And then this work circle would be bigger than maybe similar to the friends and family, because that's also an important part of life. So. But yeah, I I think otherwise. The overlap. I believe it. It represents the real situation.

Cynthia M Sims ：You know, a feedback, your thoughts on.
Suzanne Birch: Yeah, I I liked how you talked about the leadership identity kind of growing through time. I think that. Yeah. One thing I I feel like also you. You do learn more because you might have an aspiration or a tendency to lead. But you, you learn how to be a better leader, I guess, through time, and like for me. One thing I was thinking about earlier was how and I've talked with this about about this with one of my department heads like when you're starting out. Or maybe it just depends on your personality like you might have a tendency to be more proactive. But actually through time, you realize sometimes it's good to not be proactive and just kind of wait and see and let things happen, and not not kind of, you know. Try to do too much and like I think that that's 1 thing you know, for me like that that came to mind when you talked about that like kind of leadership ability. Growing is, yeah, just...

Cynthia M Sims ：And when? So what is so what's driving the the overlap, so I heard a lot of sort of you enact. It's because of how you enact leadership in in that space. Do you ever have tensions across the leadership as you found it in those spaces.
Luan Pereira de Oliveira: Thank God, not so. Yeah. I have a really supportive wife which is supporting, I would say, my lack of leadership at home, like trips and everything like. I spent the whole week at California in California last weekend she had. We have a 9 month old at home, and then she handles everything pretty well, so I could not be more thankful for it.
Abhinav Mishra: I should not say it's a conflict in terms of like persons. But there is a time conflict several times, for example, when you have some leadership responsibility, let's say, at work or due to your community engagement. But your son is sick, and you need to take care of him, for example, and because you have committed to something you feel guilty for saying no at the last moment. But there are family requirements. There might be personal requirements, so there are conflicts more frequently than than I. I imagined. In the beginning.
Suzanne Birch: I I don't feel necessarily tension the leadership tension between domains, but I guess, like within maybe the work domain.

Cynthia M Sims ：Any Aha! moments from these Venn diagrams anything that was revealed to you from them.
Luan Pereira de Oliveira: Always this, I'd say, shock of reality in the sense of Hey, I'm doing too much of this, and that needs to slow down. Maybe.
Suzanne Birch: Yeah, I do think that kind of size, you know. Like I almost kind of didn't want, you know, like you asked if that is that idealized? And I said, Well, I do feel like it was true, you know, before, but maybe not now. But also, yeah, I didn't necessarily want to deal with like, oh, which one is it? Because. And like, I mean, I've also said, Oh, work could be bigger, like I do. I think it's important to recognize like it's not a constant, or it's not fixed, you know, it is something that probably does fluctuate in reality. And like, that's okay, you know. But just kind of bringing awareness to it is important and maybe adjusting as needed.
Abhinav Mishra: And also I was just looking at the examples that you gave in the on on Elc, for example, of. I was just thinking that we we serve as as leaders in in many roles, many capacities. But most of the times we don't realize that we are serving as leaders. We just do things because those are assigned to us, or because we think that these are our duties. But we don't really claim the leadership. As you discussed in one of the previous exercises.

Cynthia M Sims ：and I also found yours interesting because you have a cultural aspect to it. So talk more about that piece.
Abhinav Mishra: So cultural aspect, like I said, I live in Athens and we have a small Indian community. I participate in some of those activities, like a book reading club every Sunday, and I facilitate that discussion by organizing the Zoom setup and everything. So I have some leadership role there. We have some summer camps for children, and sometimes we are assigned different tasks to teach this or that—those types of leadership things. I participate in other community engagement as well; all my friends and social circle are not only from the Indian community. That's why I separated cultural identity and community engagement, but there was some overlap between those.

Cynthia M Sims ：So for this week's exercise, you know what went well, anything need to change. What are your thoughts.
Abhinav Mishra: I think the discussion and feedback part was the best, because it gave us time and opportunity to reflect on what we had thought about the Venn diagram. If I have to make it again, probably I will make some changes to it, because, as we discussed, I thought about some of the ideas. But I think that reflection part is the most meaningful, and the time that we are spending in discussing it really makes sense.
Suzanne Birch: Yeah, I would say that, too, just in terms of these are things that you might not think about—you're just doing. Then, when you stop and think about it, first to do the assignment, but then see what other people put and talk through it, it really helps to reflect on your own answers. So I think that has been really helpful, and to see what's the same but also what's different.
Luan Pereira de Oliveira: Exactly, so that's the same as I feel like. Sometimes I go to the platform in the morning and start doing my exercise, and then when I see others, because others are there as well, there's another way I should think through this. So I really like that piece.

Cynthia M Sims ：Any of you from UGA, have you had a Visa claim card before.
Suzanne Birch: -
Cynthia M Sims ：No, I did. Okay, no, okay, good.

(no new Q&A to extract from this chunk, as Cynthia M Sims did not ask any new questions—only made statements, suggestions, and farewells.)