Cynthia M Sims: Is she? People are just doing a 3 word check in. So if you'd want to go ahead and share, feel free. How are you doing.
Dr. Racheida Lewis (she/her): I'm doing well rested for now. And excited because I'll be. I'm leaving for a work conference in Canada on Sunday.

Cynthia M Sims: Before you go into that. Can you give a dis share an example of what is something that is in the job domain that is not in the work domain.
Tianna Dowie-Chin: I think about things like administrative duties or meetings that are required by my institution that don't really align with what I consider my purpose or calling. For example, sometimes there are certain committee meetings that I have to sit in on, or specific reports that need to be compiled purely for institutional requirements. Those don't really connect to my broader sense of purpose or the work I feel called to do, but they're part of my job and are expectations I have to fulfill. So that's how I see the distinction—there are activities required by my job that aren't really connected to my deeper work or what I find most meaningful.

Cynthia M Sims: And what's something in your work domain that's not in your job domain.
Tianna Dowie-Chin: Would be like more outwardly advocacy for like Black students and students of color. I definitely do that with my job. But in my work, I could do it more freely. And I think about this organization that I'm a part of—some strategies or strategic planning that we're doing about providing funding for students or organizing that happens on that work domain. That doesn't more explicitly happen in the job domain.

Cynthia M Sims: Are any of these—so your depiction or your illustration, as you've outlined it—is this, are you happy with what you're seeing? Does this reflect your ideal? When you think about leadership, or is there any adjustments that you would ideally want to see.
Tianna Dowie-Chin: I think that for me, possibly in terms of leadership, I would want somewhat of an increase in the work domain—not so much the job domain. I'm okay with the job domain being about fifty. I think that in the work domain, maybe having more is—I’m now, through this exercise, conceptualizing it as my life's work, and so taking more of a leadership role in that would be important. Even with family, I was talking to someone recently about a family reunion, and they're like, “You should plan it,” and I didn't even think about that. So I think also understanding, too, that as you get older, generationally, you're moving in your family, and the people that maybe once did certain things, you’re now part of that group. So increasing the leadership identity in family also means recognizing that now I am stepping into a generation that should be the planners and organizers of certain things. I think in that, I can see myself increasing in that domain as well. The other domains, I think I'm okay in being both a leader and also someone that's part of the team in the capacities that I'm at. So for community and social, and job, I think I’m comfortable with my leadership identity in those spaces.

Cynthia M Sims: And I noticed that none of the other domains overlap or touch one another.
Dr. Racheida Lewis (she/her): Yeah. So I would say that in some ways I probably could have put work and family and friends a little bit connected to each other. But then I decided not to, primarily, because I like to keep things separated. Even though there are coworkers that I get along with and we do things outside of work together, I like to try to keep a separation of that. To be quite honest, at the end of the day, if one of us loses our job or goes to another university, or whatever the case may be, it's too early, in my opinion—or at least with some of the relationships I had in mind—to determine whether or not the severance of work would mean the friendship would hold up if work wasn't a binder. So I kept those separate because right now, when I think of my coworkers I have a good relationship with, it is work that ties us together. We do have some things in common, obviously, but what I don't know is if we were to remove work, just like when you're kids—once you remove the proximity of school—does the friendship withhold once you go to middle school, high school, or college? So that's kind of how I feel about that, which is why I kept them separated.

Cynthia M Sims: So come in. Do you feel like you have a good friend at work? Maybe not a good friend in the same way that like a social friend. But do you feel like you have someone at work that you know you can confide in or have fun with, or something like that?
Dr. Racheida Lewis (she/her): Oh, yeah, I actually, I really enjoy my coworkers. I do think that we have a good and healthy relationship with each other. So this was like no shade to them at all. But it also. But like I was mentioning mentioning that, you know, like it just still feels early, and I will say so. When I 1st started we had we had a director and his partner and when and they left in like, I think, 2021 or 22. Something like that. they moved to Australia, and just kind of left the Academy altogether, and we were just kind of the the remaining faculty who were left. We're just kind of like, okay, we're all junior faculty, and we're just kind of waiting for some new leadership to come in and hopefully help direct us and whatever. And I think that probably influences why I had this separation, because a lot of us were like very emotional about them, leaving not necessarily their decision, because, as they were both, I think, think here on work visas. You know, just with, you know, coming out of Covid, and everything like their distance from their families, were becoming more important than the job that they had. And so, you know. kudos to them for honoring themselves, but I think in seeing that right at the end of the day I like it taught me a lesson that people are going to honor themselves before their work commitments, and even though with like the political climate being changing and stuff like as much as I'm putting my best foot forward and trying to, you know. Get these grants submitted, and hopefully getting them funded, you know, at the end of the day, if I'm unsuccessful. the the university is gonna pick itself over me. Like, the job is always going to pick itself over its employees. You are always replaceable. And so that's a huge reason why I had a big separation between them. I try to be optimistic about what the future holds, and I hope that for good, bad, or indifferent, you know, whatever happens, like the relationships that I built here will. you know, last in some capacity beyond anyone's time here in this space. But right now, at this point, where I don't know what the future holds, and just kind of where I'm thinking about life right now is that you know, work is work, and friends and family are separate, and I can still have love for you in in either one of those spaces. But you know, unless it's a dire emergency. I'm not calling people who I work with. you know, even if I have a friendship with them, or a really good like relationship friendship with them. Like we can go to shows and stuff and plant Bingo. We can go to coffee. We can do all the things that you might do with a friend, but I'm still not calling you in the event of an emergency, unless I have absolutely no one else to call. And so that's the way that I think about it.

Cynthia M Sims: Are you able to share your screen? Are you able to share the email I just sent you? I figured I could send you the—Is that okay?
iPhone: I need to get the Internet. Cold. It'll be with the front desk. Let's see. It's calling. Oh, you want me to. Okay. Be more prepared next month. Okay. So I have everything just converging on top of leadership. And I have isolated out 5 areas. Okay. So I have work, and I kept work together. But I feel like my entrepreneurial stuff is more mission driven, and there's aspects of my work as a professor which there's some overlap. But I clumped it all together. So work represents being a professor, researcher and business owner. The community represents mentorship, advocacy, work, public speaking, friends and family represents my role as a sister, close friend, best friend, mother, godmother. The spiritual and cultural piece deals with my identity as a black woman, a woman of faith, and more of the leisure. Creativity deals with me sort of branching into the world of content. Creation, writing, authoring, art travel. I have a series of children's books that I wrote for adults. I'm so sorry for the noise. But I so I have a series of books that I've written, and so that kind of deals with that domain. There. I'm just pulling up my notes. So, as I mentioned before. I do believe that I lead through teaching research and mentoring and in the community, especially when I think about the research I do. It's about speaking, advocating, and being a partner in justice. So I do a lot of equity work on disparities in the criminal justice system.

(No new Cynthia M Sims questions or Q&A sessions were initiated in this chunk. All content is answers and elaboration from previous speakers, with Sims only briefly interjecting "Okay." No new output.)

Cynthia M Sims: And one of the things I notice is, your circles are almost all the same size. Some are just maybe a little bit bigger. So was that in intentional do you view them all as pretty similar.
iPhone: Yeah, I don't view them all similarly, but I do think that the circles. If I wanted, if I was being intentional about this, I would possibly separate out the work circle and make the entrepreneurial circle more overlapping and more larger. Even when I was in graduate school, always said, like, I'm an entrepreneur at heart. And so I think that's more core to my identity, even in terms of how I pursue grant writing. I really see it as a entrepreneurial journey, and so I think I would have made my professorship circle or academic circle a little bit smaller. Especially now that I have tenure. I've been shifting my identity, thinking about, What do I have to show for all of this work? And one way I've done it was I looked at all of the students I've taught, and I looked at how much money the university has earned, and I counted up how many grand dollars and how much indirect. And when I did the numbers I was like, what am I doing like? I'm not really leaning into like my legacy, and as much money as I earned the school I was like I have to shift. And so I've been thinking about my professorship in a different way, and really broadening the entrepreneurial thinking and circle to make things make a little more sense. Because, yeah, there's something that feels weird about reviewing for journals, for free, them making money off our knowledge. We don't get paid for that knowledge, us writing off our right to that knowledge. It's just it's not making sense. And so there's something very, I'm like, okay, I have to shrink this academic circle down to make sure that there are other aspects of me that make more sense. And so there's a lot of free labor that makes me very uncomfortable. And so I have, if I had to do like sizing, I would definitely separate out academic stuff and then reduce the size of the academic journal so that I could feed the entrepreneurial journal and the building legacy journal more broadly. So yes, sizing would matter. I also want to have more overlap between work and spirituality, leisure, recreation. And I think through some of the content creation things that I'm working on, there's going to be more overlap in that way. So, as I'm evolving, I feel like the older I get these things should converge a little bit more. They're not yet converging as much. But maybe that means I'm like retired at that point. I'm not sure. Let me stop. But yeah, I the size does matter, but it did not matter when I was drawing out the charts. But I don't want. I sacrificed a lot trying to get tenure, and when I look back over my life, I'm like, Oh, my goodness, I'm not being a leader in the area of my health. I'm not being a leader for my family in the area of resting and balance. And so I want to grow in leadership. And so the family, those things would be bigger than work, for sure. Because one lady, I'll stop here. She's an administrator. We're all in the office. She had a heart attack in the office. Her job was posted 2 weeks later and office cleared out, and there was someone else working in there. And I was like, Wow, it was a reality check on how that shift can happen so quickly. Work will be there. But I rather just add value and build legacy. And so the things that will allow me to build legacy, those things will be bigger than just work.

Cynthia M Sims: So what's one of the wrap up reflections? You know, something you learned today, a bright spot, a disappointment.
Dr. Racheida Lewis (she/her): One thing I learned today was that I could be thinking a lot more deeply about the parts of my life that engage with leadership. Seeing Christina have Faith on her map, for example, made me realize I didn’t have to limit myself to just the three examples that were presented. I could have broken it up more or thought a little bigger. I think that's also a point of leadership, too—you have to think out of the box and be able to break outside of the mold or define the mold, so that others can follow. Kind of seeing how everyone interpreted the instructions and how they approached the assignment made me think about how I can grow in leadership: to take a little more ownership of the things being presented and ask, "What else can I put here?" rather than just use the three bubbles that were given to us.

iPhone: In a similar sense, I like the idea of separating job and work, and maybe even separating job out into two different circles for me, like business and professorship. I would do it and make sure those circles were different sizes, given the season that I’m in.